1) a. Write a program to find the largest element among three Numbers.
   b. Select any two columns from the above data frame, and observe the change in one attribute with respect to other 
      attribute with scatter and plot operations in matplotlib.
2) a. Write a Program to display all prime numbers within an interval .
   b. Write a program to swap two numbers without using a temporary variable. 
3) a. Write a program to count the number of vowels in a string (No control flow allowed).
   b. Write a program to check if a given key exists in a dictionary or not. 
4) a. Python program to demonstrate use of ndim, shape, size, dtype. 
   b. Python program to demonstrate basic slicing, integer and Boolean indexing. 
5) a. Write a program to sort words in a file and put them in another file. The output file should have only lower-case
      words, so any upper-case words from source must be lowered.
   b. Python program to print each line of a file in reverse order. 
6) a. Demonstrate the following Operators in Python with suitable examples. 
       i) Arithmetic Operators 
      ii) Relational Operators 
     iii) Assignment Operators
      iv) Logical Operators 
       v) Bit wise Operators 
      vi) Ternary Operator 
     vii) Membership Operators 
    viii) Identity Operators
   b. Write a program to add and multiply complex numbers.
7) a. Write a program to define a function with multiple return values.
   b. Demonstrate the following Operators in Python with suitable examples.
8) a. Write a program to add a new key-value pair to an existing dictionary.
   b. Python program to find min, max, sum, cumulative sum of array.
9) a. Python program to compute the number of characters, words and lines in a file.
   b. Write a program to print multiplication table of a given number. 
10)a. Write a program to perform the given operations on a list: 
      i) Addition ii) Insertion iii) slicing 
   b. Write a program to perform any 5 built-in functions by taking any list.
